11/7/2020 Bug Fixes

- Fixed typo issues around the mod. Also reflavoured some of the descriptions used in defining villages that are associated with certain mutations. Also just fixed some descriptions altogether to be less nonsensical.

- Combustion beam now has a Fire Volley and Quick Fire command, one allows to fire multiple charges, the other fires a single charge without going through an ask command, makes things more streamlined.

- Added proper spice generation for the mutations, they now appear on sultan bosses at higher levels, and cults that are generated by them have proper descriptions, names and histories, etc.

- Firing condensed or Combustion Blast higher than a single charge, or summoning more psionic arms than your willpower modifier now gives a new effect called "psi-exhaustion" representing the strain you are placing on your mental abilities. Psi-fatigue cuts your willpower down by -8; this will be a theme of many of the mental mutations that utilize Focus Psi, the ability to ramp effects for more detrimental cost.

- Psybrachiomancy no longer lowers your overall maximum psi charges.

- Reduced the amount of charges you receive per turn while Focus Psi is active. 

- Chitinous Skin is now using a slightly simpler method of handling the molting system, meaning it is now back and should be working, no more recursive loops.

Upcoming Implements and Bug-Fix List:

These are listed from the most pertinent or major issues/implements to the smaller stuff, these are also listed by their priority as well:

Bugs :

regenerating default equipment [major]
This is effecting a few of the mutations that add custom default equipment to the player, Ovipositor, Thick Tail, etc. These mutations are all dealing with the same issue of the tail or whatever bodyslot not requipping itself to the tail or just vanishing entirely. This is probably the major issue revolving around playbility of the mutations in the mod since so many add mutations. This becomes more prevelent the more of these mutations you stack on each other. 

thick tail is just inconsistent and messy [major]
Thick tail is also running into a bit of issues with just overall consistency in terms of the tail properly updating and adding its effects, though some of this could be blamed on the bug above, as that can effect how the mutation scales or changes the effects on the tail, but from what I have been hearing, small issues popup with the tail that will require a lot of fine detailing that I'm still wracking my brain around to fix. The mutation isn't completely unusuable at the moment, but its not performing how it should.

Psionic arms summmoned by psybrachiomancy are not effected by normality gas or ontological anchors as they should be.

Implementations :

Mind Eater rework
Mind Eater will be getting a complete rework soon, you will have the ability to devour other weaker entities' minds for health however it will only give you HP along with temporary HP as well,  after killing any creature with an Ego higher than your own there is a 10% chance you will devour that creatures ego, adding it to your own.

Poison Ichor will have a special smear and stained quality
the poison ichor dropped by Gel-Form-Poison will be smearable, covered weapons will get an advanced poison that deals extra poison damage based on your mutation level. 

Both gelatinous forms will be able to morph their bodies and be able to add/remove limbs such as tentacles to which they can use to hold items, etc at the cost of their toughness score

Actually finish the massive undertaking that is making Incoporeal Form not ... experimental :i. 



Mutation Specifics::
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

psychoplethoric disintegration 

Your incredible psionic power comes at the cost of overwhelming the stability of your physical form, as your feeble flesh atomizes away, you are doomed to hunting down physical husks to maintain your tether to this reality, albeit the magnitude of your psionic abilities are of a realm of its own.

-400 reputation with highly entropic beings.
+400 reputation the Seekers of the Sightless Way.

Your physical form is disintegrating rapidly, every full day, you must make a Toughness Saving Throw at (28 + (your Level)); or lose 0-3 points of your maximum HP. Using an ubernostrum injector will partially regenerate your lost maximum hit-points, however, repeated use on a single husk will eventually have no effect. Your Strength, Toughness and Agility are reduced by half at the start of your creation and  regardless your current husk will deplete over time. However your mental stat-scores are treated as if doubled. Your husk's physical stats wither over time.

    Soulshunt (Cooldown 2 days - 2400 turns)
Shunt the imprints of your victims' mind from their body, and assume the throne of their vessel.


breakdown the mutation

Stat change, half all stats related to physical, double all stats related to mental
ensure these fire after player select, these also need to fire when you swap bodies with another creature. (On mutate, method)

Target must make a willpower saving throw vs your ego modifier (+10) or be shunted from their body; you assume control of the target's body permanently (weakened enemies are easier to dethrone). Target's body retains its original physical stats, however its mental stats are replaced with your mental stats and vice-versa. Any physical mutations the target's body has are retained, all mental mutations possessed by the initiator are transferred to the next body. On a successful soul-shunt you gain a 10% chance to increase your ego score by 1.

the 'each day degradation' can be handled as a separate method, essentially, create a global Duration
get Timetick 1, 10, 100

2400 Cooldown on Bodyswap.


Bodyswap will be a void method, make sure to apply all changes

what you'll need is it grab the parentobjects mental stats, -register them as some kind of counter that the code will hold.

Then needs to be done for the target which will use the MindEater Direction Targeting to find the target. Grab the targets current stats.

This will use whatever is going on in the Swap Wish. 

Swap them, use the math methods to assign the stats that have been saved from each and swap them, swapping the mutations is also going to be strange

you'll have to get a list of the mutations of both targets, some way filtering out just mutations, and then add the mutations somehow to the new body-- while keeping the level--or

possibly, simply allowing the player to redistribute the mutation points they may have lost or should have up to the level of the body they take over

add everything that starts the cycle again



